Zapier (#1780)
enkidevs/curriculum: zapier/introduction/zapier-built-in-apps/zapier-schedule-and-delay.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

category: must-know

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

---

> # Schedule & Delay

Reviewer: no questions on this one

---
## Content

> Starting off with the Schedule built-in app, this provides only triggers depending on how often you want your actions to happen. Your options consists of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Schedule` built-in app lets you trigger workflows at specific intervals. The trigger options you can pick from are: 
```

- every day
- every week
- every month
- every hour

> On the other hand, the Delay built-in app provides only actions. These actions are used to control when an action happen, allowing you to queue your flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Delay` built-in app helps you _pause_ workflows based on time values. By adding a delay **action** within your workflow you'll be able to:
```
